DOCS-2179: Generic gateways (#1193)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/drupal8/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways Drupal"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
layout: "faqdetail"
---

> The MultiSafepay plugin for Drupal 8 & 9 offers generic gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MultiSafepay plugin for Drupal 8 & 9 offers [generic gateways](/faq/general/generic-gateways/).
```

> The generic gateway can be found in your Drupal backend. Navigate to Commerce → Configuration → Payments → Payments Gateways → Add payment gateway -> Generic Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the generic gateway in your Drupal backend. Navigate to Commerce → Configuration → Payments → Payments Gateways → Add payment gateway → Generic Gateway
```
